Doc Updates (#193)
microsoft/finops-toolkit: docs/finops-hub/configure-permissions.md

# 🛠️ Configure permissions

On this page:

- [✅ Requirements](#-requirements)
- [🛠️ MCA billing accounts and billing profiles](#️-mca-billing-accounts-and-billing-profiles)
- [🛠️ Enterprise agreement billing accounts and departments](#️-enterprise-agreement-billing-accounts-and-departments)
- [🛠️ Subscriptions and resource groups](#️-subscriptions-and-resource-groups)

---

## ✅ Requirements

> 1. [Find your Azure Active Directory tenant id](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-portal/get-subscription-tenant-id#find-your-azure-ad-tenant).

Reviewer: I created a PR #268 to make these 2 steps as easy as looking at deployment outputs. We should use that to streamline steps.

3. Find the Identity for the data factory.
    1. Open the Azure Portal and browse to the resource group where you deployed the FinOps toolkit.
    2. Select the Azure Data Factory resource.
    3. Select the **Managed identities** tab.
    4. Make a note of the **Object (principal) ID** value. <img src=../images/managed-identity.jpeg alt="Image showing the managed identity for the azure data factory" title="Data factory managed identity" width="768"/>

> ## 🛠️ MCA billing accounts and billing profiles
> 
> No special configuration is required at this time for MCA export scopes because they use cost management exports rather than managed exports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 🛠️ Microsoft Customer Agreement billing accounts, billing profiles, and invoice sections

Microsoft Cost Management does not support managed exports for Microsoft Customer Agreement billing accounts. Please configure exports manually.
```

<br>

> ## 🛠️ Enterprise agreement billing accounts and departments
> 
> 1.  [Find your enrollment (and department) Id](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cost-management-billing/manage/view-all-accounts#switch-billing-scope-in-the-azure-portal).
> 2. Load the FinOps Toolkit PowerShell module.
> 3. Grant reader permissions to the data factory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 🛠️ Enterprise Agreement billing accounts and departments

1.  [Find your enrollment (and department) ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cost-management-billing/manage/view-all-accounts#switch-billing-scope-in-the-azure-portal).
2. Install the FinOps toolkit PowerShell module.
   ```powershell
   Install-Module FinOpsToolkit
   ```
3. Grant reader permissions to the Data Factory:
```

>    ````powershell
>    # Grants enrollment reader permissions to the specified service principal or managed identity
>    Add-FinOpsServicePrincipal -ObjectId 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 ` # Object Id of data factory managed identity
>                               -TenantId 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 ` # Azure Active Directory tenant Id
>                               -BillingAccountId 12345                          # Enrollment ID
>    
>    # Grants department reader permissions to the specified service principal or managed identity
>    Add-FinOpsServicePrincipal -ObjectId 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 ` # Object Id of data factory managed identity
>                               -TenantId 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 ` # Azure Active Directory tenant Id
>                               -BillingAccountId 12345 `                        # Enrollment Id
>                               -DepartmentId 67890                              # Department Id
> 
>    ````

Reviewer: Making it a little shorter so it doesn't get wrapped or require scrolling...
```suggestion
   ```powershell
   # Grants enrollment reader access to the specified service principal or managed identity
   Add-FinOpsServicePrincipal `
       -ObjectId 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 ` # Object ID of Data Factory managed identity
       -TenantId 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 ` # Azure Active Directory tenant ID
       -BillingAccountId 12345                          # Enrollment ID
   
   # Grants department reader access to the specified service principal or managed identity
   Add-FinOpsServicePrincipal `
       -ObjectId 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 ` # Object ID of Data Factory managed identity
       -TenantId 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 ` # Azure Active Directory tenant ID
       -BillingAccountId 12345 `                        # Enrollment ID
       -DepartmentId 67890                              # Department ID
   ```
```

<br>

## 🛠️ Subscriptions and resource groups

> Grant the "Cost management contributor" role to the managed identity for the data factory via the portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grant the [Cost Management Contributor role](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#cost-management-contributor) to the managed identity for the Data Factory via the portal.
```
